[Music]
hi guys and welcome back to my youtube
channel if you're new here my name is
Olivia Jarvis and today I'm going to
doing my weekly grocery haul I'm
currently in a lean bucket face and I
often sort of get questions like how I
eat that kind of thing so I just thought
I'd show you are in a video and theories
which you like my favorite thing so I
quite enjoy growing food shopping at the
minute I like shop be probably between
Aldi and Sainsbury's but then
Sainsbury's right near magic I tried to
make feature if you're not as cheap and
affordable as possible especially
because I have the beast appetite my
hair literally is so desperately needing
a wash but about two weeks ago
I've got started to go lighter don't
know if you can see in here I'm trying
to go sort of blonder and I suppose it's
such a long process going from basically
black so now I'm going to like that
orange efface and come on like day for
an wash I'm gonna wash it later today
but yeah that's real so annoying when
you're going to the gym and everything
and getting sweaty because it's just
like you constantly want to wash your
hair but it's definitely not good for
you especially when you're colouring it
and that kind of thing and I probably
eat on it most days so let's learn from
our mistakes it's all just gonna
literally fall off for you I'll see you
guys in like a letter list which I like
to do I've just put some stuff that I
can think of like that when you just
talk my head but squat lights have a
little mooch around so I'm just wearing
the five-pound
jumper that was in my Primark haul
little necklace the Primark leggings
handbag love these boots from misguided
you're not gonna take a coat it gets so
hot where I shop in second is fine for
me sorry I've just got to Aldi it's only
like 10 minutes for house which is
really handy and I'm just got to go in
and get some bits the carpark press ent
so hopefully it won't be busy in there
[Music]
[Applause]
cut up in my head oh yeah
go back from Audi and I've got all this
and I'm actually so impressed
so I spent 40 pounds and three pence
that wasn't even intentional as well
like I wasn't when I was shopping around
I didn't ever call you a sort of like
price-wise I've got some sweet potatoes
these are absolutely like staple pieces
with the majority food their seafood and
I like the sweet kind of flavor there
are really rich source of fiber and like
just a good array of vitamins minerals
as long as as well as like looks a
vitamin B and they're high sort of
antioxidant that protein then I've got
some tuna chunks in bryant these are so
much cheaper than the john west ones and
they're high-quality protein have got
loads of omega-3 fatty acids which is
really good for your skin and we had
some real struggler and my skin at the
moment the exact same with the salmon
Phillips there are another really high
quality protein loads in the three and
then I got some steak
these are got a high level of zinc which
I don't really have much think in my
diet say and keeps the immune system
like working properly red meats another
really good source of protein that helps
Mike build muscles and keep bones nice
and strong which is literally like
perfect when you're walking trying to
gain muscle mass I got like a cheeky
little chicken jalfrezi curry me and my
absolutely loved a curry so it might
have that tonight I choose some rice and
more chicken than some organic porridge
oats literally this is like I have oats
every single day you should have them
like as a pre-workout with some bananas
healthy digestion so definitely good
like staple nice to have it in your diet
I got some lactose free and semi-skilled
so tea and milk was really so it really
makes actually and that's just got to be
on such as personal preference
I'm not really strict on that but I just
find it's got a few grams of saturated
fat than regular milk it still has like
all the benefits like low the protein
then I got some natural fat-free yogurt
and some cottage cheese that's really
about high-fat which I love and having a
majority of my meals I've got some rice
cakes they're really low in calories and
just for you were on way few calories
I've got them in like some different
flavors actually sweet chilli haven't
tried these pause they're nice sort
vinegar got some toothpaste 99 peas then
oh my god I've got some spinach and
ricotta me Mason literally cuts what
eating's at the minute like we've been
going through so many packs that pastors
like for me I mainly have this when I'm
bulking to be honest but carbs are
crucial right when you're booking and
it's one way to sort of increase carbs
in a healthy way to build more muscle so
yeah that's why I passed is no dye at
the moment and some lemon juice I like
to have light in the morning sometimes
and it just helps maintain your pH
balance it's got loads of vitamin C it's
quite good for your teeth and just for
bitumens and it's an antioxidant and
I've got all the veg to be honest I'm
not a massive veg eater I really need to
sort of do a little but obviously I do
notice when I buy stuff from Aldi that
it goes out of date quite quick so I'm
having this in the fridge will probably
make me want to eat it more hopefully
then bacon off I'm literally set with
bacon and eggs at the moment would you
thought some blueberries that go really
nice with my bananas in my porridge have
any more nor a pre-workout and I haven't
tried this chocolate dark chocolate but
as you probably know I absolutely love
chocolate and a habit every single day
so that's why I got that that is
everything but for 40 pound and repeat I
read I think that's bad like that will
last me a week had to say and then all
let's head over I've got this package
earlier new inside how inertia inertia
shake up the coconut taste from Vita
Coco
yes
Oh coconut water pressed coconut how
cute is its packaging though seriously
[Music]
pour the oil before I put the champion I
used to beat the Coco coconut oil which
[Music]
[Applause]
the pastor chicken some cottage cheese
and then I sometimes put like some red
hot sauce all over its really low
calorie actually that is my feed shot
done I've definitely got more into my
cooking at the work than I used to be
like used to be so lazy and sort of have
so many takeaways for a week and then
yeah recently I think maybe because I'm
going to fall hibernation mode these
greens are cold so I just prefer to sort
of cook from home so yeah that's I mean
my whole in my own food shop and I would
also if you're interested I'll have to
do like an yeah I can prep with me kind
of video but let me know in the comments
below also I'm going to take you with me
to the gym now and I'm going to do
shoulders and hamstrings and hamstrings
and the hamstrings so enjoy that work
[Music]
[Applause]
thanks for watching this video and if
you haven't already then a very
appreciate it if you subscribe to my
channel and I will see you guys in the
next video